Brother is today a swordsman of Kamen Rider Drive deluxe drive driver
I think that I want to play in the center of the play
Let's look at a little shift mother
I Yes
Kedomo This It Is I shift Car wonder if this was another desune car mode of car
If you turn this back around, the lever will stop
Will be in mode
It looks like the logo mark of each of those cars here .
Let's look at this as there is a max flare in the school a little
Yes it Toka cat in something like wonder if this is the a r
Something like this has a mark in it a bar even to the right
All the materials on the left and both are made of plastic
Well, I guess it's cheap if it's cheap .
And or injured in that or a throw or be die cast and Kanyo children Whoa
Or such a child
It is here that you might be such of thinking
Because it is made of soft material
I do not think that it is broken or broken
Here estuary What fine I'm straight
It There is no longer Rutteyuu either but pleasant feel good feeling
Let's go on making a change First of all, turn the key and start the engine
Is it good with the expression of putting on the engine ?
It's a special checker to change the bar mode
skk
There is none
It sounds like this LED is displayed when you reply
It feels like you get used to type speed now
9 Although the screen I think is that it does not seem to quite choppy
With the naked eye, it's beautifully reflected with a camera, so by all means depending on the settings
this
Oh my turn
There is a gap between the timing to go and the timing when the camera is projected
It's would seem to be missing here and there
I apologize for the moment, but I can see all the truth
Please understand that there is a feeling
I think that I would like to do the next shift up
As it may be noisy and hard to understand, I will go ahead by turning the key and then
Defeat shift car before this can be done in the shift-up
By the way, I 'm turning off the power now, but this belt is in a state to see the type speed
is
You can
Yes I feel like this Shift-up is OK as I go in a row
It seems like it can go up to 3 consecutive lines and I want to go out for a little while
I'm sorry
I said to high speed piece I will go three times next
Ha
Ah ah ah ah
Yes masu copy usp youth p 3 times to sleep in like this
In the feeling that I did a few times a little by that sense of ticking that speed
It seems that the timing also changes, and if it feels like 123 slowly speedo
What I'd say speed speedo
If you feel like an umbrella but you 're like Cess Peel
It feels like it's changing depending on the timing of defeating this like little by little like that
I will
Next is Special Move
To on by turning the sounds way key
And this button of shift breath I push this to shift shift If you beat him Special move is
go out
ana
Would like to do tire exchange play to the next It is you So that out deathblow at Yes like this
I think you
Tire exchange play the flame wherever ride conversion Emitai of place to say so-called special grade jar
But
Well prepare the next sound shift car Well this
That the result is such a feeling like a to form change to replace
It is the way it is correct key
Haha
The and shift car turn on the power
Kill and remove
To give and and finally a new shift car
Pushed by Let's doing it is now complete was
c ah ah
Now I can exchange it now and it is about max
Let's go back to type speed again
Ha
It seems that I do not say tire change when returning to type speed
How to cancel the transformation put a key
The shift car
I'll stop pressing this button after removing in blue and removing
Ha
Yes the transformation is canceled by nice drive and all human falls
I feel like I'm using a shift car that's a deluxe drive driver .
But after this, there will be various shift cars, so I can hear many interesting sounds.
I think it is not
So we'll see you next video Baibai